hey guys what's up scooter here with
Macintosh tips it feels good to be back
so today I want to go ahead and give you
guys a quick tutorial on how do
something really cool that I discovered
while browsing the internet basically
what we're going to do we're going to
change the log in background so
basically you boot up your Mac and you
login there's a default gray background
we're going to customize that and
personalize that to have you want it's
basically done in a quick easy steps and
if we done within the matter of like
three minutes so let's just go ahead and
figure out how it's done so first thing
you want to do is figure out your screen
resolution size so easily what you can
do is just type in what is my screen
resolution and then if you go get to
this first link it'll actually tell you
so 15-inch MacBook Pro is a 1440 x 900
so then from there you have to find an
image that is close to that size
basically you want something that's 1440
x 900 or bigger you don't want to go too
big because then it won't look right but
somewhere around that range but
definitely not less um so basically for
the video purposes what I did was I went
to google i typed in wallpapers and then
i just typed in my screen resolution
size after it and just scroll down until
I found something that I liked and
basically going to use this Buzz
Lightyear um wallpaper here as the new
background so let's go ahead and check
out what you do now so once you finish
that click your macintosh HD once you
click on macintosh HD going to click on
system and then once you go to system
you're going to go to library and i will
open it up this way so we could see it
better so system library then i'm going
to go down to framework or frameworks
click that once you go two frameworks
you're gonna try to find um app kit doc
framework this one right here so click
that once you click that you're going to
go into resources and don't don't don't
worry about trying to remember all this
now i will have it all in the
description box below so once you get
into their you're going to come all the
way down until you see something that
says in s texture full screen
background color dot jpg or PNG or
whatever you say now the one here is
going to say NS textured full screen
background color dot PNG that's probably
what your says and it is the gray
background I've already been playing
around with this for a little bit so
I've changed it around a little bit this
is what I have right now I'm going to
show you how to change it but this
should be great for you and it should
say NS textured full screen background
color dot PNG so what you want to do now
you want to take your picture that you
want to change it to and you want to use
the exact same name so capitalization
everything so NS textured full screen
background color dot JPEG for mine so
what I'm going to do I'm going here type
in capital n capital s capital T
textured full screen capital s full
screen background color dot jpg I know
yours might be a PNG if it's a PNG no
worry just go in here go to get info or
sorry if it's a PNG you're going to open
up the file and preview you're going to
go to file and then you're go to export
and once you go to export you will just
export it as a PNG no big deal alright
so once you have that done one thing you
might want to also do is make a copy of
your grey screen back down just in case
you want to go back to it if you sell
your mac or something like that so you
just go here you go to copy and you
would go and paste it there just like
that so now I have a copy so basically
what i did i found the image right i
just copied it or i converted it to a
PNG now i'm gonna take my new file that
i just renamed so it's the same same
same name what I'm going to do I'm going
to drag it into this over the top here
it's going to ask me to authenticate
once i authenticate i'm going to go
ahead and say replace that's fine and
i'm going to put in my password and it's
just like that just like that your
background is now changed so now you can
just restart your Mac and you will see
the picture
that i have here off to the side what
it's going to look like and it looks
flawless if you get the right screen
size so this is ben scooter with
macintosh tips quick tip to help you
guys personalize your mac if you want
more videos about personalizing your mac
and things like that comment below plus
if you liked it or not and be sure to
hit us up on twitter at macintosh tips i
even have a personal twitter at scooter
taylor that i've been using a little bit
more regularly but i'll get back on
macintosh tips for sure um but this is
just you know in the meantime a little a
little video for you guys also march
seventh obviously the next iPad is
coming out and I will be live streaming
via ustream because I'm on spring break
so catch me in my dorm room streaming
the live event more details to come via
Twitter for that as well began this is
ben scooter with macintosh tips and i
hope you enjoyed guys peace